Modifying getting started tutorial to match GE 101 webinar content (#1828)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/guides/tutorials/getting_started/set_up_data_docs.rst

Set up Data Docs
================

:ref:`Data Docs` translate :ref:`Expectations`, :ref:`Validation Results`, and other metadata into clean, human-readable documentation. Automatically compiling your data documentation from your data tests in the form of Data Docs guarantees that your documentation will never go stale.

In the previous steps, when you executed the last cell in the Jupyter notebook, Great Expectations used the Expectation Suite you generated to validate the January data batch. It then compiled those validation results to HTML, and opened a browser window with a Data Docs validation results page:

.. figure:: /images/validation_results.png

> The validation results page is *descriptive*: it describes how a specific batch of data (in this case, the data we profiled) actually looked when validated. The validation results page shows you both your *Expectation* in human-readable form, as well as the *Observed Value* that was found in the data batch you validated, and a *Status* that tells you whether the observed value *passed* or *failed* the validation.

Reviewer: I want to clarify that Validation Results pages are both prescriptive (like an expectation page) **and** descriptive (which we also display for cases where there are no expectations or only vacuous expectations). The descriptive-only renderer is not covered in this tutorial.

```suggestion
The validation results page is *descriptive*: it describes how a specific batch of data (in this case, the data we profiled) actually looked when validated, by showing the *Observed Value* that was found in the data batch. The validation results page is **also** *prescriptive*: it shows you your normative *Expectation* in human-readable form. Comparing what was expected and what was observed lets the Validation Result provide a *Status* that tells you whether the observed value *passed* or *failed* the validation.
```

Author: Added

If you scroll down, you will once again find the Expectation we defined for our ``passenger_count`` column, this time in human-readable format: **"distinct values must belong to this set"**. We also see the observed value for this batch, which is exactly the numbers 1 through 6 that we expected. This makes sense, since we're developing the Expectation using the January data batch.

.. figure:: /images/validation_results_column.png

Feel free to click around and explore Data Docs a little more. You will find two more interesting features:

#. If you click on the *Home* page, you will see a list of all validation runs.

> #. The *Home* page also has a tab for your Expectation Suites. The Expectation Suite pages show you the *prescriptive* view of your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The *Home* page also has a tab for your Expectation Suites. The Expectation Suite pages show you the exclusively *prescriptive* view of your data.
```

Author: Added
